it may just be my imagination whatever
it is that's watching it's not human
gentlemen you are about to witness for
approximately 61 cents the perfect
homemade - silencer silencer this is
getting progressively worse cannot agree
on that what's going to surfing damage
has taken place to the normally dominant
left hemisphere and the right hemisphere
is attempting to compensate two
hemispheres of my brain I'm competing
yes I could be murdered
how'd I get here I took my hat any
entity that could bring so much
integrity to evil
what if they come in through the back
door one bathroom window like that
infamous Beatles song without them ever
knowing what does the scanner see into
the head does it see into me clearly
what darkly just awe-inspiring stuff
[Music]